[OSDOCS#17008] CQA 2.1 for vSphere IPI installation requirements (#115240)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-vsphere-installer-infra-static-ip-nodes.adoc

        - 192.168.204.1
# ...
----
+
where:

> `role`:: Valid network definition values include `bootstrap`, `control-plane`, and `compute`. You must list at least one `bootstrap` network definition in your `install-config.yaml` configuration file.

Author: ```suggestion
`role`:: Specifies a network definition value of `bootstrap`, `control-plane`, or `compute`. You must list at least one `bootstrap` network definition in your `install-config.yaml` configuration file.
```

> `ipAddrs`:: Lists IPv4, IPv6, or both IP addresses that the installation program passes to the network interface. The machine API controller assigns all configured IP addresses to the default network interface.

Author: ```suggestion
`ipAddrs`:: Specifies IPv4, IPv6, or both IP addresses that the installation program passes to the network interface. The machine API controller assigns all configured IP addresses to the default network interface.
```

> `gateway`:: The default gateway for the network interface.

Author: ```suggestion
`gateway`:: Specifies the default gateway for the network interface.
```

> `nameservers`:: Lists up to 3 DNS nameservers.

Author: ```suggestion
`nameservers`:: Specifies up to 3 DNS nameservers.
```
